ill move the block down
in the file.
If you’re moving a single line up or down, you can click anywhere in that
line; you don’ t need to highlight the whole line to move it.
Hiding the File Explor er
The integrated file explorer in VS Code is really convenient. However , it
can be distracting when you’re writing code and can take up valuable space
on a smaller screen. The command CTRL-B, or ⌘ -B on macOS, toggles
the visibility of the file explorer pane.
Finding Additional Shortcuts
Working ef ficiently in an editing environment takes practice, but it also
takes intention. When you’re learning to work with code, try to notice the
things you do repeatedly . Any action you take in your editor likely has ashortcut; if you’re clicking menu items to carry out editing tasks, look for
the shortcuts for those actions. If you’re switching between your keyboard
and mouse frequently , look for the navigation shortcuts that keep you from
reaching for your mouse so often.
You can see all the keyboard shortcuts in VS Code by clicking Code  and
then Preferences , and then choosing Keyboard  Shortcuts . You can use the
search bar to find a particular shortcut, or you can scroll through the list to
find shortcuts that might help you work more ef ficiently .
Remember , it’s better to focus on the code that you’re working on, and
avoid spending too much time on the tools you’re using.
Other Text Editors and IDEs
You’ll hear about and see people using a number of other text editors. Most
of them can be configured to help you in the same way you’ve customized
VS Code. Here’ s a small selection of text editors you might hear about.
IDLE
IDLE  is a text editor that’ s included with Python. It’ s a little less intuitive to
work with than other , more modern editors. However , you’ll see references
to it in other tutorials aimed at beginners, so you might want to give it a try .Geany
Geany  is a simple text editor that displays all of your output in a separate
terminal window , which helps y