hing projects have developed enough that they’ll
modify your project as needed to run correctly on the remote system.
However , there are some OS-specific issues that can arise.
In the Platform.sh deployment process, one of the most likely sources of
difficulties is installing the CLI. Here’ s the command to do so:
$ curl -fsS https://platform.sh/cli/installer | php
The command starts with curl , a tool that lets you request remote
resources, accessed through a URL, within a terminal. Here, it’ s being usedto download the CLI installer from a Platform.sh server . The -fsS  section
of the command is a set of flags that modify how curl runs. The f flag tells
curl to suppress most error messages, so the CLI installer can handle them
instead of reporting them all to you. The s flag tells curl to run silently; it
lets the CLI installer decide what information to show in the terminal. The
S flag tells curl to show an error message if the overall command fails.
The | php  at the end of the command tells your system to run the
downloaded installer file using a PHP  interpreter , because the Platform.sh
CLI is written in PHP .
This means your system needs curl and PHP  in order to install the
Platform.sh CLI. To use the CLI, you’ll also need Git, and a terminal that
can run Bash commands. Bash  is a language that’ s available in most server
environments. Most modern systems have plenty of room for multiple tools
like this to be installed.
The following sections will help you address these requirements for your
OS. If you don’ t already have Git installed, see the instructions for
installing Git on page 484  in Appendix D  and then go to the section here
that’s applicable to your OS.NOTE
An excellent tool for understanding terminal commands like the one
shown her e is https://explainshell.com . Enter the command you’r e
trying to understand, and the site will show you the documentation
for all the parts of your command. T ry it out with the command used
to install the Platfor