ent language, perhaps one that’ s newer to the programming world. But
I continue to focus on Python for many reasons. Python is an incredibly
efficient language: your programs will do more in fewer lines of code than
many other languages would require. Python’ s syntax will also help you
write “clean” code. Your code will be easier to read, easier to debug, and
easier to extend and build upon, compared to other languages.
People use Python for many purposes: to make games, build web
applications, solve business problems, and develop internal tools at all
kinds of interesting companies. Python is also used heavily in scientific
fields, for academic research and applied work.
One of the most important reasons I continue to use Python is because of
the Python community , which includes an incredibly diverse and
welcoming group of people. Community is essential to programmers
because programming isn’ t a solitary pursuit. Most of us, even the most
experienced programmers, need to ask advice from others who have already
solved similar problems. Having a well-connected and supportive
community is critical to helping you solve problems, and the Pythoncommunity is fully supportive of people who are learning Python as their
first programming language or coming to Python with a background in
other languages.
Python is a great language to learn, so let’ s get started!PART I
BASICS
Part I of this book teaches you the basic concepts you’ll need to write
Python programs. Many of these concepts are common to all programming
languages, so they’ll be useful throughout your life as a programmer .
In Chapter  1 you’ll install Python on your computer and run your first
program, which prints the message Hello world!  to the screen.
In Chapter  2 you’ll learn to assign information to variables and work with
text and numerical values.
Chapters 3  and 4 introduce lists. Lists can store as much information as
you want in one place, allowing you to work with that data ef ficiently .
You’ll b