t. You made a Platform.sh account and
installed some tools that help manage the deployment process. You used Git
to commit the working project to a repository , and then pushed the
repository to a remote server on Platform.sh. Finally , you learned to begin
securing your app by setting DEBUG = False  on the live server . You also
made custom error pages, so the inevitable errors that come up will look
well-handled.
Now that you’ve finished Learning Log, you can start building your own
projects. Start simple, and make sure the project works before adding
complexity . Enjoy your continued learning, and good luck with your
projects!A
INSTALLA TION AND
TROUBLES HOOTING
There are many versions of Python available and numerous
ways to set it up on each operating system. If the approach
in Chapter 1  didn’ t work, or if you want to install a dif ferent
version of Python than the one currently installed, the
instructions in this appendix can help.
Python on Windows
The instructions in Chapter 1  show you how to install Python using the
official installer at https://python.or g. If you couldn’ t get Python to run after
using the installer , the troubleshooting instructions in this section should
help you get Python up and running.
Using py Instead of python
If you run a recent Python installer and then issue the command python
in a terminal, you should see the Python prompt for a terminal session
(>>> ). When Windows doesn’ t recognize the python  command, it will
either open the Microsoft Store because it thinks Python isn’ t installed, oryou’ll get a message such as “Python was not found.” If the Microsoft Store
opens, close it; it’ s better to use the of ficial Python installer from https://pyt
hon.or g than the one that Microsoft maintains.
The simplest solution, without making any changes to your system, is to try
the py command. This is a Windows utility that finds the latest version of
Python installed on your system and runs that interpreter . If this command
works a