els that increase
in speed and dif ficulty . At the end of the project, you’ll have learned skills
that will enable you to develop your own 2D games in Pygame.
Data Visualization
The Data Visualization projects start in Chapter  15, where you’ll learn to
generate data and create a series of functional and beautiful visualizationsof that data using Matplotlib and Plotly . Chapter  16 teaches you to access
data from online sources and feed it into a visualization package to create
plots of weather data and a map of global earthquake activity . Finally ,
Chapter  17 shows you how to write a program to automatically download
and visualize data. Learning to make visualizations allows you to explore
the field of data science, which is one of the highest-demand areas of
programming today .
Web Applications
In the Web Application project ( Chapters 18 , 19, and 20), you’ll use the
Django package to create a simple web application that allows users to keep
a journal about dif ferent topics they’ve been learning about. Users will
create an account with a username and password, enter a topic, and then
make entries about what they’re learning. You’ll also deploy your app to a
remote server so anyone in the world can access it.
After completing this project, you’ll be able to start building your own
simple web applications, and you’ll be ready to delve into more thorough
resources on building applications with Django.12
A SHIP THAT FIRES BULLETS
Let’s build a game called Alien Invasion ! We’ll use Pygame,
a collection of fun, powerful Python modules that manage
graphics, animation, and even sound, making it easier for
you to build sophisticated games. With Pygame handling
tasks like drawing images to the screen, you can focus on
the higher -level logic of game dynamics.
In this chapter , you’ll set up Pygame and then create a rocket ship that
moves right and left and fires bullets in response to player input. In the next
two chapters, you’ll create a fleet of aliens to destroy ,