and many developers find it useful.
If you try PyCharm, be aware that, by default, it sets up an isolated
environment for each of your projects. This is usually a good thing, but it
can lead to unexpected behavior if you don’ t understand what it’ s doing for
you.Jupyter  Notebooks
Jupyter Notebook  is a dif ferent kind of tool than traditional text editors or
IDEs, in that it’ s a web app primarily built of blocks; each block is either a
code block or a text block. The text blocks are rendered in Markdown, so
you can include simple formatting in your text blocks.
Jupyter Notebooks were developed to support the use of Python in scientific
applications, but they have since expanded to become useful in a wide
variety of situations. Rather than just writing comments inside a .py file,
you can write clear text with simple formatting, such as headers, bulleted
lists, and hyperlinks in between sections of code. Every code block can be
run independently , allowing you to test small pieces of your program, or
you can run all the code blocks at once. Each code block has its own output
area, and you can toggle the output areas on or of f as needed.
Jupyter Notebooks can be confusing at times because of the interactions
between dif ferent cells. If you define a function in one cell, that function is
available to other cells as well. This is beneficial most of the time, but it can
be confusing in longer notebooks and if you don’ t fully understand how the
Notebook environment works.
If you’re doing any scientific or data-focused work in Python, you’ll almost
certainly see Jupyter Notebooks at some point.C
GETTI NG HELP
Everyone gets stuck at some point when they’re learning to
program. So, one of the most important skills to learn as a
programmer is how to get unstuck ef ficiently . This appendix
outlines several ways to help you get going again when
programming gets confusing.
First Steps
When you’re stuck, your first step should be to assess your situation. Before
you ask for