ital letters to indicate a variable should be treated
as a constant and never be changed:
MAX_CONNECTIONS = 5000When you want to treat a variable as a constant in your code, write the
name of the variable in all capital letters.
TRY IT YOURSELF
2-9. Number  Eight:  Write addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division operations that
each result in the number 8. Be sure to enclose your operations in print()  calls to see the
results. You should create four lines that look like this:
print(5+3)
Your output should be four lines, with the number 8 appearing once on each line.
2-10. Favorite Number:  Use a variable to represent your favorite number . Then, using that
variable, create a message that reveals your favorite number . Print that message.
Comments
Comments are an extremely useful feature in most programming languages.
Everything you’ve written in your programs so far is Python code. As your
programs become longer and more complicated, you should add notes
within your programs that describe your overall approach to the problem
you’re solving. A comment  allows you to write notes in your spoken
language, within your programs.How Do You Write Comments?
In Python, the hash mark ( #) indicates a comment. Anything following a
hash mark in your code is ignored by the Python interpreter . For example:
comment.py
# Say hello to everyone.
print("Hello Python people!")
Python ignores the first line and executes the second line.
Hello Python people!
What Kinds of Comments Should You Write?
The main reason to write comments is to explain what your code is
supposed to do and how you are making it work. When you’re in the middle
of working on a project, you understand how all of the pieces fit together .
But when you return to a project after some time away , you’ll likely have
forgotten some of the details. You can always study your code for a while
and figure out how segments were supposed to work, but writing good
comments can save you time by summarizing your overall