ur pizza!")
The test for 'mushrooms'  is the first test to pass, so mushrooms are
added to the pizza. However , the values 'extra cheese'  and
'pepperoni'  are never checked, because Python doesn’ t run any tests
beyond the first test that passes in an if-elif-else  chain. The
customer ’s first topping will be added, but all of their other toppings will be
missed:
Adding mushrooms.
Finished making your pizza!
In summary , if you want only one block of code to run, use an if-elif -
else  chain. If more than one block of code needs to run, use a series of
independent if statements.TRY IT YOURSELF
5-3. Alien Colors #1:  Imagine an alien was just shot down in a game. Create a variable called
alien_color  and assign it a value of 'green' , 'yellow' , or 'red' .
Write an if statement to test whether the alien’ s color is green. If it is, print a message that
the player just earned 5 points.
Write one version of this program that passes the if test and another that fails. (The
version that fails will have no output.)
5-4. Alien Colors #2:  Choose a color for an alien as you did in Exercise 5-3, and write an if-
else  chain.
If the alien’ s color is green, print a statement that the player just earned 5 points for shooting
the alien.
If the alien’ s color isn’ t green, print a statement that the player just earned 10 points.
Write one version of this program that runs the if block and another that runs the else
block.
5-5. Alien Colors #3:  Turn your if-else  chain from Exercise 5-4 into an if-elif -else
chain.
If the alien is green, print a message that the player earned 5 points.
If the alien is yellow , print a message that the player earned 10 points.
If the alien is red, print a message that the player earned 15 points.
Write three versions of this program, making sure each message is printed for the
appropriate color alien.
5-6. Stages of Life:  Write an if-elif -else  chain that determines a person’ s stage of life.
Set a value for the variable age , and then:
If the