you
can revert to the original order anytime by applying reverse()  to the
same list a second time.Finding the Length of a List
You can quickly find the length of a list by using the len()  function. The
list in this example has four items, so its length is 4:
>>> cars = ['bmw', 'audi', 'toyota', 'subaru']
>>> len(cars)
4
You’ll find len()  useful when you need to identify the number of aliens
that still need to be shot down in a game, determine the amount of data you
have to manage in a visualization, or figure out the number of registered
users on a website, among other tasks.
NOTE
Python counts the items in a list starting with one, so you shouldn’ t
run into any off-by-one err ors when determining the length of a list.TRY IT YOURSELF
3-8. Seeing the World:  Think of at least five places in the world you’d like to visit.
Store the locations in a list. Make sure the list is not in alphabetical order .
Print your list in its original order . Don’ t worry about printing the list neatly; just print it as a
raw Python list.
Use sorted()  to print your list in alphabetical order without modifying the actual list.
Show that your list is still in its original order by printing it.
Use sorted()  to print your list in reverse-alphabetical order without changing the order
of the original list.
Show that your list is still in its original order by printing it again.
Use reverse()  to change the order of your list. Print the list to show that its order has
changed.
Use reverse()  to change the order of your list again. Print the list to show it’ s back to its
original order .
Use sort()  to change your list so it’ s stored in alphabetical order . Print the list to show
that its order has been changed.
Use sort()  to change your list so it’ s stored in reverse-alphabetical order . Print the list to
show that its order has changed.
3-9. Dinner  Guests:  Working with one of the programs from Exercises 3-4 through 3-7 ( pages
41–42 ), use len()  to print a message indicating the 