l run hello_world.py  and troubleshoot
anything that doesn’ t work. I’ll walk you through this process for each
operating system, so you’ll have a Python programming environment that
you can rely on.Python on Windows
Windows doesn’ t usually come with Python, so you’ll probably need to
install it and then install VS Code.
Installing Python
First, check whether Python is installed on your system. Open a command
window by entering command  into the Start menu and clicking the
Command Pr ompt  app. In the terminal window , enter python  in
lowercase. If you get a Python prompt ( >>> ) in response, Python is
installed on your system. If you see an error message telling you that
python  is not a recognized command, or if the Microsoft store opens,
Python isn’ t installed. Close the Microsoft store if it opens; it’ s better to
download an of ficial installer than to use Microsoft’ s version.
If Python is not installed on your system, or if you see a version earlier than
Python 3.9, you need to download a Python installer for Windows. Go to htt
ps://python.or g and hover over the  Downloads link. You should see a
button for downloading the latest version of Python. Click the button, which
should automatically start downloading the correct installer for your
system. After you’ve downloaded the file, run the installer . Make sure you
select the option Add Python to P ATH, which will make it easier to
configure your system correctly . Figure 1-1  shows this option selected.Figure 1-1 : Make sur e you select the checkbox labeled Add Python to P ATH.
Running Python in a Terminal Session
Open a new command window and enter python  in lowercase. You
should see a Python prompt ( >>> ), which means Windows has found the
version of Python you just installed.
C:\> python
Python 3. x.x (main, Jun . . . , 13:29:14) [MSC v.1932 
Type "help", "copyright", "credits" or "license" for 
>>>NOTE
If you don’ t see this output or something similar , see the mor e
detailed setup instructions in 