ou become comfortable using terminals.
Geany has a very minimalist interface, but it’ s powerful enough that a
significant number of experienced programmers still use it.
If you find VS Code too distracting and full of too many features, consider
using Geany instead.
Sublime Text
Sublime T ext is another minimalist editor that you should consider using if
you find VS Code too busy . Sublime Text has a really clean interface and is
known for working well even on very lar ge files. It’ s an editor that will get
out of your way and let you focus on the code you’re writing.
Sublime Text has an unlimited free trial, but it’ s not free or open source. If
you decide you like it and can af ford to purchase a full license, you should
do so. The purchase is a one-time fee; it’ s not a software subscription.
Emacs and Vim
Emacs  and Vim are two popular editors favored by many experienced
programmers, because they’re designed so you can use them without your
hands ever having to leave the keyboard. This makes writing, reading, andmodifying code very ef ficient, once you learn how the editor works. It also
means both editors have a fairly steep learning curve. Vim is included on
most Linux and macOS machines, and both Emacs and Vim can be run
entirely inside a terminal. For this reason, they’re often used to write code
on servers through remote terminal sessions.
Programmers will often recommend that you give them a try , but many
proficient programmers for get how much new programmers are already
trying to learn. It’ s good to be aware of these editors, but you should hold
off on using them until you’re comfortable working with code in a more
user-friendly editor that lets you focus on learning to program, rather than
learning to use an editor .
PyCharm
PyCharm  is a popular IDE among Python programmers because it was built
to work specifically with Python. The full version requires a paid
subscription, but a free version called the PyCharm Community Edition is
also available, 