 the value of the corr esponding ID. The variable
topic_id  is a r eference to that ID in the code. If you run into
errors when working with IDs, make sur e you’r e using these
expressions in the appr opriate ways.Figure 18-5 : The detail page for a single topic, showing all entries for a topic
TRY IT YOURSELF
18-7. Template Documentation:  Skim the Django template documentation at https://docs.djan
goproject.com/en/4.1/r ef/templates . You can refer back to it when you’re working on your own
projects.
18-8. Pizzeria Pages:  Add a page to the Pizzeria project from Exercise 18-6 ( page 392 ) that
shows the names of available pizzas. Then link each pizza name to a page displaying the pizza’ s
toppings. Make sure you use template inheritance to build your pages ef ficiently .Summary
In this chapter , you learned how to start building a simple web app using
the Django framework. You saw a brief project specification, installed
Django to a virtual environment, set up a project, and checked that the
project was set up correctly . You set up an app and defined models to
represent the data for your app. You learned about databases and how
Django helps you migrate your database after you make a change to your
models. You created a superuser for the admin site, and you used the admin
site to enter some initial data.
You also explored the Django shell, which allows you to work with your
project’ s data in a terminal session. You learned how to define URLs, create
view functions, and write templates to make pages for your site. You also
used template inheritance to simplify the structure of individual templates
and make it easier to modify the site as the project evolves.
In Chapter 19 , you’ll make intuitive, user -friendly pages that allow users to
add new topics and entries and edit existing entries without going through
the admin site. You’ll also add a user registration system, allowing users to
create an account and make their own learning log. This is the heart of a
web 