en we implement
a scoring system in Chapter 14 .)
Add the following code to the end of _update_bullets()  to check for
collisions between bullets and aliens:
alien_invasion.py
    def _update_bullets(self):
        """Update position of bullets and get rid of 
        --snip--
        # Check for any bullets that have hit aliens.
        #   If so, get rid of the bullet and the alie
        collisions = pygame.sprite.groupcollide(
                self.bullets, self.aliens, True, TrueThe new code we added compares the positions of all the bullets in
self.bullets  and all the aliens in self.aliens , and identifies any
that overlap. Whenever the rect s of a bullet and alien overlap,
groupcollide()  adds a key-value pair to the dictionary it returns. The
two True  arguments tell Pygame to delete the bullets and aliens that have
collided. (T o make a high-powered bullet that can travel to the top of the
screen, destroying every alien in its path, you could set the first Boolean
argument to False  and keep the second Boolean ar gument set to True .
The aliens hit would disappear , but all bullets would stay active until they
disappeared of f the top of the screen.)
When you run Alien Invasion  now , aliens you hit should disappear . Figure 1
3-5 shows a fleet that has been partially shot down.Figure 13-5 : We can shoot aliens!
Making Larger  Bullets for  Testing
You can test many features of Alien Invasion  simply by running the game,
but some features are tedious to test in the normal version of the game. For
example, it’ s a lot of work to shoot down every alien on the screen multiple
times to test whether your code responds to an empty fleet correctly .
To test particular features, you can change certain game settings to focus on
a particular area. For example, you might shrink the screen so there are
fewer aliens to shoot down or increase the bullet speed and give yourself
lots of bullets at once.My favorite change for testing Alien Invasion  is to use really wide bul