 time tells Django to make sure
the database matches the current state of the project. The first time we run
this command in a new project using SQLite (more about SQLite in a
moment), Django will create a new database for us. Here, Django reportsthat it will prepare the database to store information it needs to handle
administrative and authentication tasks ❶.
Running the ls command shows that Django created another file called
db.sqlite3  ❷. SQLite  is a database that runs of f a single file; it’ s ideal for
writing simple apps because you won’ t have to pay much attention to
managing the database.
NOTE
In an active virtual envir onment, use the command python  to run
manage.py  commands, even if you use something differ ent, like
python3 , to run other pr ograms. In a virtual envir onment, the
command python  refers to the version of Python that was used to
create the virtual envir onment.
Viewing the Pr oject
Let’s make sure that Django has set up the project properly . Enter the
runserver  command to view the project in its current state:
(ll_env)learning_log$ python manage.py runserver
Watching for file changes with StatReloaderPerforming system checks...
❶ System check identified no issues (0 silenced).
May 19, 2022 - 21:52:35
❷ Django version 4.1, using settings 'll_project.settin
❸ Starting development server at http://127.0.0.1:8000/
Quit the server with CONTROL-C.
Django should start a server called the development server , so you can view
the project on your system to see how well it works. When you request a
page by entering a URL  in a browser , the Django server responds to that
request by building the appropriate page and sending it to the browser .
Django first checks to make sure the project is set up properly ❶; it then
reports the version of Django in use and the name of the settings file in use
❷. Finally , it reports the URL  where the project is being served ❸. The
URL  http://127.0.0.1:8000/  indicates that the project is listening for
reques