79 characters so every line is visible in a reasonably
sized editor window . If a set of parameters causes a function’ s definition to
be longer than 79 characters, press ENTER after the opening parenthesis on
the definition line. On the next line, press the TAB key twice to separate the
list of ar guments from the body of the function, which will only be indented
one level.
Most editors automatically line up any additional lines of ar guments to
match the indentation you have established on the first line:
def function_name (
        parameter_0 , parameter_1 , parameter_2 ,
        parameter_3 , parameter_4 , parameter_5 ):
    function body...
If your program or module has more than one function, you can separate
each by two blank lines to make it easier to see where one function ends
and the next one begins.All import  statements should be written at the beginning of a file. The
only exception is if you use comments at the beginning of your file to
describe the overall program.
TRY IT YOURSELF
8-15. Printing Models:  Put the functions for the example printing_models.py  in a separate file
called printing_functions.py . Write an import statement at the top of printing_models.py , and
modify the file to use the imported functions.
8-16. Imports:  Using a program you wrote that has one function in it, store that function in a
separate file. Import the function into your main program file, and call the function using each
of these approaches:
import module_name
from module_name  import function_name
from module_name  import function_name  as fn
import module_name  as mn
from module_name  import *
8-17. Styling Functions:  Choose any three programs you wrote for this chapter , and make sure
they follow the styling guidelines described in this section.Summary
In this chapter , you learned how to write functions and to pass ar guments so
that your functions have access to the information they need to do their
work. You learned how to use positional and keyword ar gumen