pmental Editor: Eva Morrow
Cover Illustrator: Josh Ellingson
Interior Design: Octopod Studios
Technical Reviewer: Kenneth Love
Copyeditor: Doug McNair
Compositor: Jef f Lytle, Happenstance Type-O-Rama
Proofreader: Scout Festa
The Library of Congr ess has catalogued the first edition as follows:
Matthes, Eric, 1972-
  Python crash course : a hands-on, project-based introduction to programming / by Eric Matthes.
       pages cm  Includes index.
  Summary: "A  project-based introduction to programming in Python, with exercises. Covers general
programming concepts, Python fundamentals, and problem solving. Includes three projects - how to
create a simple video game, use data visualization techniques to make graphs and charts, and build an
interactive web application"-- Provided by publisher .
  ISBN 978-1-59327-603-4 -- ISBN 1-59327-603-6
  1. Python (Computer program language) I. Title.
  QA76.73.P98M38 2015
  005.13'3--dc23
                     2015018135
For customer service inquiries, please contact info@nostarch.com . For information on distribution,
bulk sales, corporate sales, or translations: sales@nostarch.com . For permission to translate this
work: info@nostarch.com . To report counterfeit copies or piracy: counterfeit@nostarch.com .
No Starch Press and the No Starch Press logo are registered trademarks of No Starch Press, Inc.
Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective
owners. Rather than use a trademark symbol with every occurrence of a trademarked name, we are
using the names only in an editorial fashion and to the benefit of the trademark owner , with no
intention of infringement of the trademark.
The information in this book is distributed on an “As Is” basis, without warranty . While every
precaution has been taken in the preparation of this work, neither the author nor No Starch Press, Inc.
shall have any liability to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage caused or alleged to
be caused d