ords.
The file little_women.txt has about 189142 words.
The pass  statement also acts as a placeholder . It’s a reminder that you’re
choosing to do nothing at a specific point in your program’ s execution and
that you might want to do something there later . For example, in this
program we might decide to write any missing filenames to a file called
missing_files.txt . Our users wouldn’ t see this file, but we’d be able to read
the file and deal with any missing texts.Deciding Which Err ors to Report
How do you know when to report an error to your users and when to let
your program fail silently? If users know which texts are supposed to be
analyzed, they might appreciate a message informing them why some texts
were not analyzed. If users expect to see some results but don’ t know which
books are supposed to be analyzed, they might not need to know that some
texts were unavailable. Giving users information they aren’ t looking for can
decrease the usability of your program. Python’ s error -handling structures
give you fine-grained control over how much to share with users when
things go wrong; it’ s up to you to decide how much information to share.
Well-written, properly tested code is not very prone to internal errors, such
as syntax or logical errors. But every time your program depends on
something external such as user input, the existence of a file, or the
availability of a network connection, there is a possibility of an exception
being raised. A little experience will help you know where to include
exception-handling blocks in your program and how much to report to users
about errors that arise.TRY IT YOURSELF
10-6. Addition:  One common problem when prompting for numerical input occurs when people
provide text instead of numbers. When you try to convert the input to an int , you’ll get a
ValueError . Write a program that prompts for two numbers. Add them together and print the
result. Catch the ValueError  if either input value is not a number , and print 