
If you choose to install the command line developer tools at this point,
macOS will install Apple’ s version of Python along with the developer
tools. The only issue with this is that Apple’ s version of Python is usually
somewhat behind the latest of ficial version of Python. However , you can
still download and run the of ficial installer from https://python.or g, andpython3  will then point to the newer version. Don’ t worry about having
the developer tools installed; there are some useful tools in there, including
the Git version control system discussed in Appendix D .
Python 2 on Older  Versions of macOS
On older versions of macOS, before Monterey (macOS 12), an outdated
version of Python 2 was installed by default. On these systems, the
command python  points to the outdated system interpreter . If you’re
using a version of macOS with Python 2 installed, make sure you use the
python3  command, and you’ll always be using the version of Python you
installed.
Python on Linux
Python is included by default on almost every Linux system. However , if
the default version on your system is earlier than Python 3.9, you should
install the latest version. You can also install the latest version if you want
the most recent features, like Python’ s improved error messages. The
following instructions should work for most apt-based systems.
Using the Default Python Installation
If you want to use the version of Python that python3  points to, make
sure you have these three additional packages installed:$ sudo apt install python3-dev python3-pip python3-ve
These packages include tools that are useful for developers and tools that let
you install third-party packages, like the ones used in the projects section of
this book.
Installing the Latest Version of Python
We’ll use a package called deadsnakes , which makes it easy to install
multiple versions of Python. Enter the following commands:
$ sudo add-apt-repository ppa:deadsnakes/ppa
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt install pyth