f tabs and spaces. If you suspect any issue with tabs and spaces, look
at the status bar at the bottom of the VS Code window and click either
Spaces  or Tab Size . A drop-down menu will appear that lets you switch
between using tabs and using spaces. You can also change the default
indentation level and convert all indentation in the file to either tabs or
spaces.
If you’re looking at some code and you’re not sure whether the indentation
consists of tabs or spaces, highlight several lines of code. This will makethe invisible whitespace characters visible. Each space will show up as a
dot, and each tab will show up as an arrow .
NOTE
In pr ogramming, spaces ar e preferr ed over tabs because spaces can
be interpr eted unambiguously by all tools that work with a code file.
The width of tabs can be interpr eted differ ently by differ ent tools,
which leads to err ors that can be extr emely difficult to diagnose.
Changing the Color  Theme
VS Code uses a dark theme by default. If you want to change this, click File
(Code  in the menu bar on macOS), then click Preferences  and choose
Color  Theme . A drop-down list will appear , and it will let you choose a
theme that works well for you.
Setting the Line Length Indicator
Most editors allow you to set up a visual cue, usually a vertical line, to
show where your lines should end. In the Python community , the
convention is to limit lines to 79 characters or less.To set this feature, click Code  and then Preferences , and then choose
Settings . In the dialog that appears, enter rulers . You’ll see a setting for
Editor: Rulers; click the link labeled Edit in settings.json . In the file that
appears, add the following to the editor.rulers  setting:
settings.json
    "editor.rulers": [
    80,
    ]
This will add a vertical line in the editing window at the 80-character
position. You can have more than one vertical line; for example, if you want
an additional line at 120 characters, the value for your setting would be
[80, 120] 