e able to work with hundreds, thousands, and even millions of
values in just a few lines of code.
In Chapter  5 you’ll use if statements to write code that responds one
way if certain conditions are true, and responds in a dif ferent way if those
conditions are not true.
Chapter  6 shows you how to use Python’ s dictionaries, which let you make
connections between dif ferent pieces of information. Like lists, dictionaries
can contain as much information as you need to store.In Chapter  7 you’ll learn how to accept input from users to make your
programs interactive. You’ll also learn about while  loops, which run
blocks of code repeatedly as long as certain conditions remain true.
In Chapter  8 you’ll write functions, which are named blocks of code that
perform a specific task and can be run whenever you need them.
Chapter  9 introduces classes, which allow you to model real-world objects.
You’ll write code that represents dogs, cats, people, cars, rockets, and more.
Chapter  10 shows you how to work with files and handle errors so your
programs won’ t crash unexpectedly . You’ll store data before your program
closes and read the data back in when the program runs again. You’ll learn
about Python’ s exceptions, which allow you to anticipate errors and make
your programs handle those errors gracefully .
In Chapter  11 you’ll learn to write tests for your code, to check that your
programs work the way you intend them to. As a result, you’ll be able to
expand your programs without worrying about introducing new bugs.
Testing your code is one of the first skills that will help you transition from
beginner to intermediate programmer .1
GETTING STARTED
In this chapter , you’ll run your first Python program,
hello_world.py . First, you’ll need to check whether a recent
version of Python is installed on your computer; if it isn’ t,
you’ll install it. You’ll also install a text editor to work with
your Python programs. Text editors recognize Python code
and highlight sections