 of visualization techniques to help make sense
of the vast amount of information available to them. You’ll work with
datasets that you generate through code, datasets that you download from
online sources, and datasets your programs download automatically . After
you’ve completed this project, you’ll be able to write programs that sift
through lar ge datasets and make visual representations of many dif ferent
kinds of information.
In the third project, in Chapters 18–20 , you’ll build a small web application
called Learning Log. This project allows you to keep an or ganized journalof information you’ve learned about a specific topic. You’ll be able to keep
separate logs for dif ferent topics and allow others to create an account and
start their own journals. You’ll also learn how to deploy your project so
anyone can access it online, from anywhere in the world.
Online Resources
No Starch Press has more information about this book available online at ht
tps://nostar ch.com/python-crash-course-3r d-edition .
I also maintain an extensive set of supplementary resources at https://ehmat
thes.github.io/pcc_3e . These resources include the following:
Setup instructions  The setup instructions online are identical to what’ s in
the book, but they include active links you can click for all the dif ferent
steps. If you’re having any setup issues, refer to this resource.
Updates  Python, like all languages, is constantly evolving. I maintain a
thorough set of updates, so if anything isn’ t working, check here to see
whether instructions have changed.
Solutions to exer cises  You should spend significant time on your own
attempting the exercises in the “T ry It Yourself” sections. However , if
you’re stuck and can’ t make any progress, solutions to most of the exercises
are online.Cheat sheets  A full set of downloadable cheat sheets for quick reference to
major concepts is also online.
Why Python?
Every year , I consider whether to continue using Python or move on to a
differ