is preventing the program from running.
Step away from your computer , take a short break, and then try again.
Remember that syntax is very important in programming, so something
as simple as mismatched quotation marks or mismatched parentheses
can prevent a program from running properly . Reread the relevant parts
of this chapter , look over your code, and try to find the mistake.
Start over again. You probably don’ t need to uninstall any software, but
it might make sense to delete your hello_world.py  file and re-create it
from scratch.
Ask someone else to follow the steps in this chapter , on your computer
or a dif ferent one, and watch what they do carefully . You might have
missed one small step that someone else happens to catch.
See the additional installation instructions in Appendix A; some of the
details included in the Appendix may help you solve your issue.
Find someone who knows Python and ask them to help you get set up. If
you ask around, you might find that you unexpectedly know someone
who uses Python.The setup instructions in this chapter are also available through this
book’ s companion website at https://ehmatthes.github.io/pcc_3e . The
online version of these instructions might work better because you can
simply cut and paste code and click links to the resources you need.
Ask for help online. Appendix C  provides a number of resources, such as
forums and live chat sites, where you can ask for solutions from people
who’ve already worked through the issue you’re currently facing.
Never worry that you’re bothering experienced programmers. Every
programmer has been stuck at some point, and most programmers are
happy to help you set up your system correctly . As long as you can state
clearly what you’re trying to do, what you’ve already tried, and the results
you’re getting, there’ s a good chance someone will be able to help you. As
mentioned in the introduction , the Python community is very friendly and
welcoming to beginners.
Python should run 