e globe, including the latitude, longitude, and brightness of each fire. Using the data-
processing work from the first part of this chapter and the mapping work from this section,
make a map that shows which parts of the world are af fected by fires.
You can download more recent versions of this data at https://earthdata.nasa.gov/earth-observat
ion-data/near -real-time/firms/active-fir e-data . You can find links to the data in CSV  format in
the SHP, KML, and TXT  Files  section.Summary
In this chapter , you learned how to work with real-world datasets. You
processed CSV  and GeoJSON files, and extracted the data you want to
focus on. Using historical weather data, you learned more about working
with Matplotlib, including how to use the datetime  module and how to
plot multiple data series on one chart. You plotted geographical data on a
world map in Plotly , and learned to customize the style of the map.
As you gain experience working with CSV  and JSON files, you’ll be able to
process almost any data you want to analyze. You can download most
online datasets in either or both of these formats. By working with these
formats, you’ll be able to learn how to work with other data formats more
easily as well.
In the next chapter , you’ll write programs that automatically gather their
own data from online sources, and then you’ll create visualizations of that
data. These are fun skills to have if you want to program as a hobby and are
critical skills if you’re interested in programming professionally .17
WORKING WITH APIS
In this chapter , you’ll learn how to write a self-contained
program that generates a visualization based on data it
retrieves. Your program will use an application
programming interface ( API)  to automatically request
specific information from a website and then use that
information to generate a visualization. Because programs
written like this will always use current data to generate a visualization,
even when that data might be rapidly changing, 