 and then continue to
refine the game by setting limits on the number of ships you can use and
adding a scoreboard.
While building this game, you’ll also learn how to manage lar ge projects
that span multiple files. We’ll refactor a lot of code and manage file
contents to or ganize the project and make the code ef ficient.
Making games is an ideal way to have fun while learning a language. It’ s
deeply satisfying to play a game you wrote, and writing a simple game will
teach you a lot about how professionals develop games. As you work
through this chapter , enter and run the code to identify how each code blockcontributes to overall gameplay . Experiment with dif ferent values and
settings to better understand how to refine interactions in your games.
NOTE
Alien Invasion  spans a number of differ ent files, so make a new
alien_invasion  folder on your system. Be sur e to save all files for the
project to this folder so your import  statements will work
correctly.
Also, if you feel comfortable using version contr ol, you might want
to use it for this pr oject. If you haven’ t used version contr ol befor e,
see Appendix D  for an overview .
Planning Your Project
When you’re building a lar ge project, it’ s important to prepare a plan before
you begin to write code. Your plan will keep you focused and make it more
likely that you’ll complete the project.
Let’s write a description of the general gameplay . Although the following
description doesn’ t cover every detail of Alien Invasion , it provides a clearidea of how to start building the game:
In Alien Invasion , the player contr ols a r ocket ship that appears at the
bottom center of the scr een. The player can move the ship right and
left using the arr ow keys and shoot bullets using the spacebar . When
the game begins, a fleet of aliens fills the sky and moves acr oss and
down the scr een. The player shoots and destr oys the aliens. If the
player destr oys all the aliens, a new fleet appears that moves faster
than 