all PHP . You can do this with XAMPP , a package
that bundles PHP  with a few other developer -focused tools. Go to https://ap
achefriends.or g and click the button to download XAMPP  for Windows.
Open the installer and run it; if you see a warning about User Account
Control (UAC) restrictions, click OK. Accept all of the installer ’s defaults.
When the installer finishes running, you’ll need to add PHP  to your
system’ s path; this will tell Windows where to look when you want to run
PHP. In the Start menu, enter path  and click Edit the System
Envir onment Variables ; click the button labeled Envir onment Variables .
You should see the variable Path  highlighted; click Edit under this pane.
Click New  to add a new path to the current list of paths. Assuming you kept
the default settings when running the XAMPP  installer , add
C:\xampp\php  in the box that appears, then click OK. When you’re
finished, close all of the system dialogs that are still open.
With these requirements taken care of, you can install the Platform.sh CLI.
You’ll need to use a Windows terminal with administrator privileges; enter
command  into the Start menu, and under the Command Prompt app, click
Run as administrator . In the terminal that appears, enter the following
command:
> curl -fsS https://platform.sh/cli/installer | phpThis will install the Platform.sh CLI, as described earlier .
Finally , you’ll work in Git Bash. To open a Git Bash terminal, go to the
Start menu and search for git bash . Click the Git Bash app  that
appears; you should see a terminal window open. You can use traditional
Linux-based commands like ls in this terminal, as well as Windows-based
commands like dir . To make sure the installation was successful, issue
the platform list  command. You should see a list of all the commands
in the Platform.sh CLI. From this point forward, carry out all of your
deployment work using the Platform.sh CLI inside a Git Bash terminal
window .
Deploying fr om macOS
The macOS operatin