nt projection for the base map.
eq_world_map.py--snip--
fig = px.scatter_geo(lat=lats, lon=lons, size=mags, t
❶         color=mags,
❷         color_continuous_scale='Viridis',
❸         labels={'color':'Magnitude'},
❹         projection='natural earth',
    )
fig.show()
All the significant changes here occur in the px.scatter_geo()
function call. The color  argument tells Plotly what values it should use to
determine where each marker falls on the color scale ❶. We use the mags
list to determine the color for each point, just as we did with the size
argument.
The color_continuous_scale  argument tells Plotly which color scale
to use ❷. Viridis  is a color scale that ranges from dark blue to bright yellow ,
and it works well for this dataset. By default, the color scale on the right of
the map is labeled color ; this is not representative of what the colors
actually mean. The labels  argument, shown in Chapter 15 , takes a
dictionary as a value ❸. We only need to set one custom label on this chart,
making sure the color scale is labeled Magnitude  instead of color .
We add one more ar gument, to modify the base map over which the
earthquakes are plotted. The projection  argument accepts a number ofcommon map projections ❹. Here we use the 'natural earth'
projection, which rounds the ends of the map. Also, note the trailing comma
after this last ar gument. When a function call has a long list of ar guments
spanning multiple lines like this, it’ s common practice to add a trailing
comma so you’re always ready to add another ar gument on the next line.
When you run the program now , you’ll see a much nicer -looking map. In Fi
gure 16-9 , the color scale shows the severity of individual earthquakes; the
most severe earthquakes stand out as light-yellow points, in contrast to
many darker points. You can also tell which regions of the world have more
significant earthquake activity .Figure 16-9 : In 30 days’  worth of earthquakes, color and size ar e used to r epresent the