he top of the page, then enter your email
address to get an invitation.
Once you’re in the Python Developers workspace, you’ll see a list of
channels. Click Channels  and then choose the topics that interest you. You
might want to start with the #help  and #django  channels.D
USING GIT FOR VERSION CONTROL
Version control software allows you to take snapshots of a
project whenever it’ s in a working state. When you make
changes to a project—for example, when you implement a
new feature—you can go back to a previous working state if
the project’ s current state isn’ t functioning well.
Using version control software gives you the freedom to work on
improvements and make mistakes without worrying about ruining your
project. This is especially critical in lar ge projects, but can also be helpful in
smaller projects, even when you’re working on programs contained in a
single file.
In this appendix, you’ll learn to install Git and use it for version control in
the programs you’re working on now . Git is the most popular version
control software in use today . Many of its advanced tools help teams
collaborate on lar ge projects, but its most basic features also work well for
solo developers. Git implements version control by tracking the changes
made to every file in a project; if you make a mistake, you can just return to
a previously saved state.Installing Git
Git runs on all operating systems, but there are dif ferent approaches to
installing it on each system. The following sections provide specific
instructions for each operating system.
Git is included on some systems by default, and is often bundled with other
packages that you might have already installed. Before trying to install Git,
see if it’ s already on your system. Open a new terminal window and issue
the command git --version . If you see output listing a specific
version number , Git is installed on your system. If you see a message
prompting you to install or update Git, follow the onscreen instructions.
