sing a specific library , such as Pygame, Matplotlib, or Django,
links to the of ficial documentation for it will often appear in searches. For
example, https://docs.djangopr oject.com  is very helpful when working with
Django. If you’re planning to work with any of these libraries, it’ s a good
idea to become familiar with their of ficial documentation.
r/learnpython
Reddit is made up of a number of subforums called subreddits . The
r/learnpython  subreddit ( https://r eddit.com/r/learnpython ) is very active
and supportive. You can read others’  questions and post your own as well.
You will often get multiple perspectives about the questions you raise,
which can be really helpful in gaining a deeper understanding of the topic
you’re working on.Blog Posts
Many programmers maintain blogs and share posts about the parts of the
language they’re working with. You should look for a date on the blog posts
you find, to see how applicable the information is likely to be for the
version of Python you’re using.
Discord
Discor d is an online chat environment with a Python community where you
can ask for help and follow Python-related discussions.
To check it out, head to https://pythondiscor d.com  and click the Discord
link at the upper right. If you already have a Discord account, you can log
in with your existing account. If you don’ t have an account, enter a
username and follow the prompts to complete your Discord registration.
If this is your first time visiting the Python Discord, you’ll need to accept
the rules for the community before participating fully . Once you’ve done
that, you can join any of the channels that interest you. If you’re looking for
help, be sure to post in one of the Python Help channels.
Slack
Slack  is another online chat environment. It is often used for internal
company communications, but there are also many public groups you canjoin. If you want to check out Python Slack groups, start with https://pyslac
kers.com . Click the Slack  link at t