briefly , so you’ll know
how helpful they’re likely to be.Stack Overflow
Stack Overflow  (https://stackoverflow .com ) is one of the most popular
question-and-answer sites for programmers, and it will often appear in the
first page of results on Python-related searches. Members post questions
when they’re stuck, and other members try to give helpful responses. Users
can vote for the responses they find most helpful, so the best answers are
usually the first ones you’ll find.
Many basic Python questions have very clear answers on Stack Overflow ,
because the community has refined them over time. Users are encouraged
to post updates, too, so responses tend to stay relatively current. At the time
of this writing, almost two million Python-related questions have been
answered on Stack Overflow .
There’ s one expectation you should be aware of before posting on Stack
Overflow . Questions are meant to be the shortest example of the kind of
issue you’re facing. If you post 5–20 lines of code that generate the error
you’re facing, and if you address the questions mentioned in “ First Steps ”
on page 477  earlier in this appendix, someone will probably help you. If
you share a link to a project with multiple lar ge files, people will be very
unlikely to help. There’ s a great guide to writing up a good question at http
s://stackoverflow .com/help/how-to-ask . The suggestions in this guide are
applicable to getting help in any community of programmers.The Official Python Documentation
The of ficial Python documentation ( https://docs.python.or g) is a bit more
hit-or -miss for beginners, because its purpose is more to document the
language than to provide explanations. The examples in the of ficial
documentation should work, but you might not understand everything
shown. Still, it’ s a good resource to check when it comes up in your
searches, and it will become more useful to you as you continue building
your understanding of Python.
Official Library Documentation
If you’re u