me shortcuts that let you work more
efficiently . Being a fast typist is not as important as many people think in
programming, but understanding your editor and knowing how to use it
efficiently is quite helpful.
With all that said, VS Code doesn’ t work for everyone. If it doesn’ t work
well on your system for some reason, or if it’ s distracting you as you work,
there are a number of other editors that you might find more appealing. This
appendix includes a brief description of some of the other editors and IDEs
you should consider .
Working Efficiently with VS Code
In Chapter 1 , you installed VS Code and added the Python extension as
well. This section will show you some further configurations you can make,
plus shortcuts for working ef ficiently with your code.
Configuring VS Code
There are a few ways to change the default configuration settings for VS
Code. Some changes can be made through the interface, and some will
require changes in configuration files. These changes will sometimes take
effect for everything you do in VS Code, while others will af fect only the
files within the folder that contains the configuration file.For example, if you have a configuration file in your python_work  folder ,
those settings will only af fect the files in that folder (and its subfolders).
This is a good feature, because it means you can have project-specific
settings that override your global settings.
Using Tabs and Spaces
If you use a mix of tabs and spaces in your code, it can cause problems in
your programs that are dif ficult to diagnose. When working in a .py file
with the Python extension installed, VS Code is configured to insert four
spaces whenever you press the TAB key . If you’re writing only your own
code and you have the Python extension installed, you’ll likely never have
an issue with tabs and spaces.
However , your installation of VS Code may not be configured correctly .
Also, at some point, you may end up working on a file that has only tabs or
a mix o