cause Python uses these
naming conventions. You can make this folder somewhere other than the
desktop, but it will be easier to follow some later steps if you save the
python_work  folder directly on your desktop.
Open VS Code, and close the Get Started  tab if it’ s still open. Make a new
file by clicking File ▶New File  or pressing CTRL-N ( ⌘ -N on macOS).
Save the file as hello_world.py  in your python_work  folder . The extension
.py tells VS Code that your file is written in Python, and tells it how to run
the program and highlight the text in a helpful way .
After you’ve saved your file, enter the following line in the editor:hello_world.py
print("Hello Python world!")
To run your program, select Run ▶Run Without Debugging  or press
CTRL-F5. A terminal screen should appear at the bottom of the VS Code
window , showing your program’ s output:
Hello Python world!
You’ll likely see some additional output showing the Python interpreter that
was used to run your program. If you want to simplify the information
that’s displayed so you only see your program’ s output, see Appendix B .
You can also find helpful suggestions about how to use VS Code more
efficiently in Appendix B .
If you don’ t see this output, something might have gone wrong in the
program. Check every character on the line you entered. Did you
accidentally capitalize print ? Did you for get one or both of the quotation
marks or parentheses? Programming languages expect very specific syntax,
and if you don’ t provide that, you’ll get errors. If you can’ t get the program
to run, see the suggestions in the next section.Troubleshooting
If you can’ t get hello_world.py  to run, here are a few remedies you can try
that are also good general solutions for any programming problem:
When a program contains a significant error , Python displays a
traceback , which is an error report. Python looks through the file and
tries to identify the problem. Check the traceback; it might give you a
clue as to what issue 