call to the path()  function, which takes three
arguments ❻. The first ar gument is a string that helps Django route the
current request properly . Django receives the requested URL  and tries to
route the request to a view . It does this by searching all the URL  patterns
we’ve defined to find one that matches the current request. Django ignores
the base URL  for the project ( http://localhost:8000/ ), so the empty string
('') matches the base URL. Any other URL  won’ t match this pattern, and
Django will return an error page if the URL  requested doesn’ t match any
existing URL  patterns.
The second ar gument in path()  ❻ specifies which function to call in
views.py . When a requested URL  matches the pattern we’re defining,
Django calls the index()  function from views.py . (We’ll write this view
function in the next section.) The third ar gument provides the name index
for this URL  pattern so we can refer to it more easily in other filesthroughout the project. Whenever we want to provide a link to the home
page, we’ll use this name instead of writing out a URL.
Writing a View
A view function takes in information from a request, prepares the data
needed to generate a page, and then sends the data back to the browser . It
often does this by using a template that defines what the page will look like.
The file views.py  in learning_logs  was generated automatically when we
ran the command python manage.py startapp . Here’ s what’ s in
views.py  right now:
views.py
from django.shortcuts import render
# Create your views here.
Currently , this file just imports the render()  function, which renders the
response based on the data provided by views. Open views.py  and add the
following code for the home page:
from django.shortcuts import render
def index(request):    """The home page for Learning Log."""
    return render(request, 'learning_logs/index.html'
When a URL  request matches the pattern we just defined, Django looks for
a function called index()  in the views