Appendix A.
Enter the following line in your Python session:
>>> print("Hello Python interpreter!")
Hello Python interpreter!
>>>
You should see the output Hello Python interpreter!  Anytime you
want to run a snippet of Python code, open a command window and start a
Python terminal session. To close the terminal session, press CTRL-Z and
then press ENTER, or enter the command exit() .
Installing VS Code
You can download an installer for VS Code at https://code.visualstudio.co
m. Click the Download for  Windows  button and run the installer . Skip the
following sections about macOS and Linux, and follow the steps in
“Running a Hello World Program ” on page 9 .Python on macOS
Python is not installed by default on the latest versions of macOS, so you’ll
need to install it if you haven’ t already done so. In this section, you’ll install
the latest version of Python, and then install VS Code and make sure it’ s
configured correctly .
NOTE
Python 2 was included on older versions of macOS, but it’ s an
outdated version that you shouldn’ t use.
Checking Whether  Python 3 Is Installed
Open a terminal window by going to Applications ▶Utilities ▶Terminal .
You can also press ⌘ -spacebar , type terminal , and then press ENTER.
To see if you have a recent enough version of Python installed, enter
python3 . You’ll most likely see a message about installing the command
line developer tools . It’s better to install these tools after installing Python,
so if this message appears, cancel the pop-up window .
If the output shows you have Python 3.9 or a later version installed, you can
skip the next section and go to “ Running Python in a Terminal Session .” Ifyou see any version earlier than Python 3.9, follow the instructions in the
next section to install the latest version.
Note that on macOS, whenever you see the python  command in this
book, you need to use the python3  command instead to make sure you’re
using Python 3. On most macOS systems, the python  command either
points to