nd you want to use it, simply use py anywhere you see the
python  or python3  command in this book.
Rerunning the Installer
The most common reason python  doesn’ t work is that people for get to
select the Add Python to P ATH option when running the installer; this is an
easy mistake to make. The PATH  variable is a system setting that tells
Python where to look for commonly used programs. In this case, Windows
doesn’ t know how to find the Python interpreter .
The simplest fix in this situation is to run the installer again. If there’ s a
newer installer available from https://python.or g, download the new
installer and run it, making sure to check the Add Python to P ATH box.
If you already have the latest installer , run it again and select the Modify
option. You’ll see a list of optional features; keep the default options
selected on this screen. Then click Next  and check the Add Python to
Envir onment Variables  box. Finally , click Install . The installer willrecognize that Python is already installed, and it will add the location of the
Python interpreter to the PATH  variable. Make sure you close any open
terminals, because they’ll still be using the old PATH  variable. Open a new
terminal window and issue the command python  again; you should see a
Python prompt ( >>> ).
Python on macOS
The installation instructions in Chapter 1  use the of ficial Python installer at
https://python.or g. The of ficial installer has been working well for years
now, but there are a few things that can get you of f track. This section will
help if anything isn’ t working in a straightforward manner .
Accidentally Installing Apple’ s Version of Python
If you run the python3  command and Python is not yet installed on your
system, you’ll most likely see a message that the command line developer
tools  need to be installed. The best approach at this point is to close the pop-
up showing this message, download the Python installer from https://pytho
n.org, and run the installer .