
Thank you for reading Python Crash Course ! If you have any feedback or
questions, please feel free to get in touch; I am @ehmatthes  on Twitter .ACKNOWLED GMENTS
This book would not have been possible without the wonderful and
extremely professional staf f at No Starch Press. Bill Pollock invited me to
write an introductory book, and I deeply appreciate that original of fer. Liz
Chadwick has worked on all three editions, and the book is better because
of her ongoing involvement. Eva Morrow brought fresh eyes to this new
edition, and her insights have improved the book as well. I appreciate Doug
McNair ’s guidance in using proper grammar , without becoming overly
formal. Jennifer Kepler has supervised the production work, which turns
my many files into a polished final product.
There are many people at No Starch Press who have helped make this book
a success but whom I haven’ t had the chance to work with directly . No
Starch has a fantastic marketing team, who go beyond just selling books;
they make sure readers find the books that are likely to work well for them
and help them reach their goals. No Starch also has a strong foreign-rights
department. Python Crash Course  has reached readers around the world, in
many languages, due to the diligence of this team. To all of these people
whom I haven’ t worked with individually , thank you for helping Python
Crash Course  find its audience.
I’d like to thank Kenneth Love, the technical reviewer for all three editions
of Python Crash Course . I met Kenneth at PyCon one year , and theirenthusiasm for the language and the Python community has been a constant
source of professional inspiration ever since. Kenneth, as always, went
beyond simple fact-checking and reviewed the book with the goal of
helping newer programmers develop a solid understanding of the Python
language and programming in general. They also kept an eye out for areas
that worked well enough in previous editions but could be improved upon,
given the oppo