g, its appearance is
critical so people will want to use it.
In this section, we’ll install the django-bootstrap5 app and add it to the
project. We’ll then use it to style the individual pages in the project, so all
the pages have a consistent look and feel.
The django-bootstrap5 App
We’ll use django-bootstrap5 to integrate Bootstrap into our project. This
app downloads the required Bootstrap files, places them in an appropriate
location in your project, and makes the styling directives available in your
project’ s templates.
To install django-bootstrap5, issue the following command in an active
virtual environment:
(ll_env)learning_log$ pip install django-bootstrap5
--snip--Successfully installed beautifulsoup4-4.11.1 django-b
    soupsieve-2.3.2.post1
Next, we need to add django-bootstrap5 to INSTALLED_APPS  in
settings.py :
settings.py
--snip--
INSTALLED_APPS = [
    # My apps.
    'learning_logs',
    'accounts',
    # Third party apps.
    'django_bootstrap5',
    # Default django apps.
    'django.contrib.admin',
    --snip--
Start a new section called Third party apps , for apps created by other
developers, and add 'django_bootstrap5'  to this section. Make sure
you place this section after My apps  but before the section containing
Django’ s default apps.Using Bootstrap to Style Learning Log
Bootstrap is a lar ge collection of styling tools. It also has a number of
templates you can apply to your project to create an overall style. It’ s much
easier to use these templates than to use individual styling tools. To see the
templates Bootstrap of fers, go to https://getbootstrap.com  and click
Examples . We’ll use the  Navbar static  template, which provides a simple
top navigation bar and a container for the page’ s content.
Figure 20-1  shows what the home page will look like after we apply
Bootstrap’ s template to base.html  and modify  index.html  slightly .Figure 20-1 : The Learning Log home page using Bootstrap
Modifying base.html
We need to rewrite base.h