es displayed in order:
Edward, thank you for taking the poll.
Jen, thank you for taking the poll.
Phil, thank you for taking the poll.
Sarah, thank you for taking the poll.
Looping Through All Values in a Dictionary
If you are primarily interested in the values that a dictionary contains, you
can use the values()  method to return a sequence of values without any
keys. For example, say we simply want a list of all languages chosen in our
programming language poll, without the name of the person who chose
each language:
favorite_languages = {
    'jen': 'python',
    'sarah': 'c',
    'edward': 'rust',
    'phil': 'python',
    }print("The following languages have been mentioned:")
for language in favorite_languages.values():
    print(language.title())
The for  statement here pulls each value from the dictionary and assigns it
to the variable language . When these values are printed, we get a list of
all chosen languages:
The following languages have been mentioned:
Python
C
Rust
Python
This approach pulls all the values from the dictionary without checking for
repeats. This might work fine with a small number of values, but in a poll
with a lar ge number of respondents, it would result in a very repetitive list.
To see each language chosen without repetition, we can use a set. A set is a
collection in which each item must be unique:
favorite_languages = {
    --snip--
    }
print("The following languages have been mentioned:")for language in set(favorite_languages.values()):
    print(language.title())
When you wrap set()  around a collection of values that contains
duplicate items, Python identifies the unique items in the collection and
builds a set from those items. Here we use set()  to pull out the unique
languages in favorite_languages.values() .
The result is a nonrepetitive list of languages that have been mentioned by
people taking the poll:
The following languages have been mentioned:
Python
C
Rust
As you continue learning about Python, you’ll often find 