a']
for magician in magicians:
    print(f"{magician.title()}, that was a great tric
    print(f"I can't wait to see your next trick, {mag❶     print("Thank you everyone, that was a great magic
Because the last line ❶ is indented, it’ s printed once for each person in the
list:
Alice, that was a great trick!
I can't wait to see your next trick, Alice.
Thank you everyone, that was a great magic show!
David, that was a great trick!
I can't wait to see your next trick, David.
Thank you everyone, that was a great magic show!
Carolina, that was a great trick!
I can't wait to see your next trick, Carolina.
Thank you everyone, that was a great magic show!
This is another logical error , similar to the one in “ Forgetting to Indent
Additional Lines ” on page 54 . Because Python doesn’ t know what you’re
trying to accomplish with your code, it will run all code that is written in
valid syntax. If an action is repeated many times when it should be executed
only once, you probably need to unindent the code for that action.Forgetting the Colon
The colon at the end of a for  statement tells Python to interpret the next
line as the start of a loop.
magicians = ['alice', 'david', 'carolina']
❶ for magician in magicians
    print(magician)
If you accidentally for get the colon ❶, you’ll get a syntax error because
Python doesn’ t know exactly what you’re trying to do:
  File "magicians.py", line 2
    for magician in magicians
                             ^
SyntaxError: expected ':'
Python doesn’ t know if you simply for got the colon, or if you meant to
write additional code to set up a more complex loop. If the interpreter can
identify a possible fix it will suggest one, like adding a colon at the end of a
line, as it does here with the response expected ':' . Some errors have
easy, obvious fixes, thanks to the suggestions in Python’ s tracebacks. Some
errors are much harder to resolve, even when the eventual fix only involves
a single character . Don’ t feel bad when a small fix 