YOURSELF
16-1. Sitka Rainfall:  Sitka is located in a temperate rainforest, so it gets a fair amount of
rainfall. In the data file sitka_weather_2021_full.csv  is a header called PRCP , which represents
daily rainfall amounts. Make a visualization focusing on the data in this column. You can repeat
the exercise for Death Valley if you’re curious how little rainfall occurs in a desert.
16-2. Sitka–Death Valley Comparison:  The temperature scales on the Sitka and Death Valley
graphs reflect the dif ferent data ranges. To accurately compare the temperature range in Sitka to
that of Death Valley , you need identical scales on the y-axis. Change the settings for the y-axis
on one or both of the charts in Figures 16-5 and 16-6. Then make a direct comparison between
temperature ranges in Sitka and Death Valley (or any two places you want to compare).
16-3. San Francisco:  Are temperatures in San Francisco more like temperatures in Sitka or
temperatures in Death Valley? Download some data for San Francisco, and generate a high-low
temperature plot for San Francisco to make a comparison.
16-4. Automatic Indexes:  In this section, we hardcoded the indexes corresponding to the
TMIN  and TMAX  columns. Use the header row to determine the indexes for these values, so
your program can work for Sitka or Death Valley . Use the station name to automatically
generate an appropriate title for your graph as well.
16-5. Explor e: Generate a few more visualizations that examine any other weather aspect
you’re interested in for any locations you’re curious about.Mapping Global Datasets: GeoJSON Format
In this section, you’ll download a dataset representing all the earthquakes
that have occurred in the world during the previous month. Then you’ll
make a map showing the location of these earthquakes and how significant
each one was. Because the data is stored in the GeoJSON format, we’ll
work with it using the json  module. Using Plotly’ s scatter_geo()
plot, you’ll create visualizations th