gs . Click the Add link for Entries, or click Entries  and then
choose Add entry . You should see a drop-down list to select the topic
you’re creating an entry for and a text box for adding an entry . Select Chess
from the drop-down list, and add an entry . Here’ s the first entry I made:
The opening is the first part of the game, r oughly the first ten moves
or so. In the opening, it’ s a good idea to do thr ee things—bring out
your bishops and knights, try to contr ol the center of the boar d, and
castle your king.
Of course, these ar e just guidelines. It will be important to learn when
to follow these guidelines and when to disr egard these suggestions.
When you click Save , you’ll be brought back to the main admin page for
entries. Here, you’ll see the benefit of using text[:50]  as the stringrepresentation for each entry; it’ s much easier to work with multiple entries
in the admin interface if you see only the first part of an entry , rather than
the entire text of each entry .
Make a second entry for Chess and one entry for Rock Climbing so we
have some initial data. Here’ s a second entry for Chess:
In the opening phase of the game, it’ s important to bring out your
bishops and knights. These pieces ar e powerful and maneuverable
enough to play a significant r ole in the beginning moves of a game.
And here’ s a first entry for Rock Climbing:
One of the most important concepts in climbing is to keep your weight
on your feet as much as possible. Ther e’s a myth that climbers can
hang all day on their arms. In r eality , good climbers have practiced
specific ways of keeping their weight over their feet whenever
possible.
These three entries will give us something to work with as we continue to
develop Learning Log.
The Django Shell
Now that we’ve entered some data, we can examine it programmatically
through an interactive terminal session. This interactive environment iscalled the Django shell , and it’ s a great environment for testing and
troubleshooting you