rtunity for a full rewrite. That said, any inaccuracies that
remain are completely my own.
I’d also like to express my appreciation to all the readers who have shared
their experience of working through Python Crash Course . Learning the
basics of programming can change your perspective on the world, and
sometimes this has a profound impact on people. It’ s deeply humbling to
hear these stories, and I appreciate everyone who has shared their
experiences so openly .
I’d like to thank my father for introducing me to programming at a young
age and for not being afraid that I’d break his equipment. I’d like to thank
my wife, Erin, for supporting and encouraging me through the writing of
this book, and through all the work that goes into maintaining it through
multiple editions. I’d also like to thank my son, Ever , whose curiosity
continues to inspire me.INTRODUCTION
Every programmer has a story about how they learned to
write their first program. I started programming as a child,
when my father was working for Digital Equipment
Corporation, one of the pioneering companies of the modern
computing era. I wrote my first program on a kit computer
that my dad had assembled in our basement. The computer
consisted of nothing more than a bare motherboard connected to a keyboard
without a case, and its monitor was a bare cathode ray tube. My initial
program was a simple number guessing game, which looked something like
this:
I'm thinking of a number! Try to guess the number I'm
Too low! Guess again: 50
Too high! Guess again: 42
That's it! Would you like to play again? (yes/no) no
Thanks for playing!
I’ll always remember how satisfied I felt, watching my family play a game
that I created and that worked as I intended it to.
That early experience had a lasting impact. There’ s real satisfaction in
building something with a purpose, that solves a problem. The software Iwrite now meets more significant needs than my childhood ef forts did, but
the sense of satisfaction I get from c