atform.sh  and click the Free Trial
button. Platform.sh has a free tier that, as of this writing, does not require a
credit card. The trial period allows you to deploy an app with minimal
resources, which lets you test your project in a live deployment before
committing to a paid hosting plan.
NOTE
The specific limits of trial plans tend to change periodically , as
hosting platforms fight spam and abuse of r esour ces. Y ou can see
the curr ent limits of the fr ee trial at https://platform.sh/fr ee-trial .Installing the Platform.sh CLI
To deploy and manage a project on Platform.sh, you’ll need the tools
available in the Command Line Interface (CLI). To install the latest version
of the CLI, visit https://docs.platform.sh/development/cli.html  and follow
the instructions for your operating system.
On most systems, you can install the CLI by running the following
command in a terminal:
$ curl -fsS https://platform.sh/cli/installer | php
After this command has finished running, you will need to open a new
terminal window before you can use the CLI.NOTE
This command will pr obably not work in a standar d terminal on
Windows. Y ou can use W indows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) or a Git
Bash terminal. If you need to install PHP , you can use the XAMPP
installer fr om https://apachefriends.or g. If you have any difficulty
installing the Platform.sh CLI, see the mor e detailed installation
instructions in Appendix E .
Installing platformshconfig
You’ll also need to install one additional package, platformshconfig .
This package helps detect whether the project is running on your local
system or on a Platform.sh server . In an active virtual environment, issue
the following command:
(ll_env)learning_log$ pip install platformshconfig
We’ll use this package to modify the project’ s settings when it’ s running on
the live server .Creating a r equir ements.txt File
The remote server needs to know which packages Learning Log depends
on, so we’ll use pip to generate a file listing the