ng_log$ platform push
❶ Are you sure you want to push to the main (production
--snip--
The authenticity of host 'git.us-3.platform.sh (...)'
RSA key fingerprint is SHA256:Tvn...7PM
❷ Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no/
Pushing HEAD to the existing environment main
  --snip--
  To git.us-3.platform.sh:3pp3mqcexhlvy.git
   * [new branch]      HEAD -> main
When you issue the command platform push , you’ll be asked for one
more confirmation that you want to push the project ❶. You may also see a
message about the authenticity of Platform.sh, if this is your first time
connecting to the site ❷. Enter Y for each of these prompts, and you’ll see
a bunch of output scroll by . This output will probably look confusing at
first, but if anything goes wrong, it’ s really useful to have during
troubleshooting. If you skim through the output, you can see wherePlatform.sh installs necessary packages, collects static files, applies
migrations, and sets up URLs for the project.
NOTE
You may see an err or from something that you can easily diagnose,
such as a typo in one of the configuration files. If this happens, fix
the err or in your text editor , save the file, and r eissue the git
commit  command. Then you can run platform push  again.
Viewing the Live Pr oject
Once the push is complete, you can open the project:
(ll_env)learning_log$ platform url
Enter a number to open a URL
  [0] https://main-bvxea6i-wmye2fx7wwqgu.us-3.platfor
  --snip--
 > 0
The platform url  command lists the URLs associated with a deployed
project; you’ll be given a choice of several URLs that are all valid for yourproject. Choose one, and your project should open in a new browser tab!
This will look just like the project we’ve been running locally , but you can
share this URL  with anyone in the world, and they can access and use your
project.
NOTE
When you deploy your pr oject using a trial account, don’ t be
surprised if it sometimes takes longer than usual for a page to load.
On most h