learn how to
style your code consistently . Take the time to make your code as easy as
possible to read. Writing easy-to-read code helps you keep track of what
your programs are doing and helps others understand your code as well.
Python programmers have agreed on a number of styling conventions to
ensure that everyone’ s code is structured in roughly the same way . Once
you’ve learned to write clean Python code, you should be able to
understand the overall structure of anyone else’ s Python code, as long as
they follow the same guidelines. If you’re hoping to become a professional
programmer at some point, you should begin following these guidelines as
soon as possible to develop good habits.
The Style Guide
When someone wants to make a change to the Python language, they write
a Python Enhancement Pr oposal (PEP) . One of the oldest PEPs is PEP 8,
which instructs Python programmers on how to style their code. PEP  8 is
fairly lengthy , but much of it relates to more complex coding structures than
what you’ve seen so far .
The Python style guide was written with the understanding that code is read
more often than it is written. You’ll write your code once and then start
reading it as you begin debugging. When you add features to a program,you’ll spend more time reading your code. When you share your code with
other programmers, they’ll read your code as well.
Given the choice between writing code that’ s easier to write or code that’ s
easier to read, Python programmers will almost always encourage you to
write code that’ s easier to read. The following guidelines will help you
write clear code from the start.
Indentation
PEP 8 recommends that you use four spaces per indentation level. Using
four spaces improves readability while leaving room for multiple levels of
indentation on each line.
In a word processing document, people often use tabs rather than spaces to
indent. This works well for word processing documents, but the Python
interpreter gets confused when t