
class. This will give Ship  access to all the game resources defined in
AlienInvasion . We then assign the screen to an attribute of Ship  ❶,
so we can access it easily in all the methods in this class. We access the
screen’ s rect  attribute using the get_rect()  method and assign it to
self.screen_rect  ❷. Doing so allows us to place the ship in the
correct location on the screen.
To load the image, we call pygame.image.load()  ❸ and give it the
location of our ship image. This function returns a surface representing the
ship, which we assign to self.image . When the image is loaded, we call
get_rect()  to access the ship surface’ s rect  attribute so we can later
use it to place the ship.
When you’re working with a rect  object, you can use the x- and y-
coordinates of the top, bottom, left, and right edges of the rectangle, as well
as the center , to place the object. You can set any of these values to establish
the current position of the rect . When you’re centering a game element,
work with the center , centerx , or centery  attributes of a rect .
When you’re working at an edge of the screen, work with the top ,
bottom , left , or right  attributes. There are also attributes that
combine these properties, such as midbottom , midtop , midleft , and
midright . When you’re adjusting the horizontal or vertical placement of
the rect , you can just use the x and y attributes, which are the x- and y-
coordinates of its top-left corner . These attributes spare you from having todo calculations that game developers formerly had to do manually , and
you’ll use them often.
NOTE
In Pygame, the origin (0, 0) is at the top-left corner of the scr een,
and coor dinates incr ease as you go down and to the right. On a
1200×800 scr een, the origin is at the top-left corner , and the
bottom-right corner has the coor dinates (1200, 800). These
coordinates r efer to the game window , not the physical scr een.
We’ll position the ship at the bottom center of the screen. To do so, m