e Matplotlib visualizations feature
updated style settings. The random walk project has a small
improvement that increases the accuracy of the plots, which means
you’ll see a wider variety of patterns emer ge each time you generate a
new walk. All the projects featuring Plotly now use the Plotly Express
module, which lets you generate your initial visualizations with just a
few lines of code. You can easily explore a variety of visualizations
before committing to one kind of plot, and then focus on refining
individual elements of that plot.
The Learning Log project in Chapters 18−20  is built using the latest
version of Django and styled using the latest version of Bootstrap. Some
parts of the project have been renamed to make it easier to follow the
overall or ganization of the project. The project is now deployed to
Platform.sh, a modern hosting service for Django projects. The
deployment process is controlled by YAML  configuration files, which
give you a great deal of control over how your project is deployed. This
approach is consistent with how professional programmers deploy
modern Django projects.
Appendix A has been fully updated to recommend current best practices
for installing Python on all major operating systems. Appendix B
includes detailed instructions for setting up VS Code, and briefdescriptions of most of the major text editors and IDEs in current use.
Appendix C  directs readers to several of the most popular online
resources for getting help. Appendix D  continues to of fer a mini crash
course in using Git for version control. Appendix E  is brand new for the
third edition. Even with a good set of instructions for deploying the apps
you create, there are many things that can go wrong. This appendix
offers a detailed troubleshooting guide that you can use when the
deployment process doesn’ t work on the first try .
The index has been thoroughly updated to allow you to use Python
Crash Course  as a reference for all of your future Python projects.